---
layout: post
title: "Yii fia beid nay?? ma bteznokh??"
image: /assets/images/my-famous-tiramusi.jpg
prep_time: "15 minutes"
cook_time: "No time"
servings: "No one but me"
video_link: "Video under construction"
tags: [Dessert] 
---

If you want to count all the people that love my tiramisu, they will all fit on one hand. But it's fine, beause I like it and that's what counts. In lebanese we say "It's better to buy it than raise to it". And this saying applies pretty well on this tiramisu....I'm joking duh.....You know how the smell of fresh bread lingers through your brain, and tickles are your senses? Yeah? Well, the smell of tiramisu has nothing to do with that.

## Ingredients

* 3 eggs
* 110g of sugar
* A tiny pinch of salt
* Half tsp vanilla 
* 250g Mascarpone
* Boudoir biscuits 
* Espresso (like a gazillion shot)


## Instructions

1. You know how it's essential to separate the state from the church? It is essential to separate the yolks from the whites for this recipe
2. Whisk your egg whites until they form a cloud
3. Hold your eggs whites upside down, if they don't fall, that means your good. However, if they do fall, you'll have to crack three new eggs, separate the white from the yolk, just like you should separate the state from the church and whisk again
4. To your yolks, add a pinch of salt, the spalsh of vanilla and whisk well until foamy 
5. Add the cheese to the foamy yolk and incorporate together, just like the state and church are in Lebanon
6. Start by slowly adding the "meringue" to the yolk: it is important that you don't go crazy with the mixing, because too much air will ruin the texture. Fold in the whites gently. 
7. Baptize your biscuits in coffee and start assemlibk. 
8. Layer of cookie (sugar side up) - Layer of cream - Layer of cookie (sugar side up) - Layer of cream - Layer of cookie (you guessed it, sugar side up) - Layer of cream
10. Place in your fridge over night 
12. If you have garlic, onion or anything uncovered in the fridge, please cover your tiramisu...you don't want it to absorb all the flavors of your fridge 
13. Before serving, add a layer of cocoa powder
14. Congrats girl, you just made the best tiramisu that will put all if Italy to shame.



